#1st March Team Meeting

**Date: 01-Mar-2019** 

**Attendance: Anton, Dias, Jingyi** 

**Facilitator: Dias**

**Time keeper: Dias**

**Note taker: Jingyi**

## Agenda

1. Advice for Jingyi doing scrum master next sprint
1. General direction of the next 2 sprints
1. Styleguide
1. Flow guide

### Advice for Jingyi doing scrum master next sprint

**Discussion:**

Anton and Dias shared tips for being scrum master with Jingyi.

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- Before sprint planning meeting: get direction and main focus, check backlog, get cards/tasks ready. 
- During sprint planning meeting: finalize sprint goal with the team, finalize tasks with each memeber.
- During the Sprint: follow up team member status, trello columns, and blockers.
- End of sprint: check uncompleted tasks and backlog, plan for next sprint.

### Styleguide

**Discussion:**

Decided how to proceed to create styleguide.

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- Dias will create a GH repo for styleguide.
- Anton will add styleguide for typescript and scss.
- Dias will add styleguide for solidity

### Direction of next two sprints

**Discussion:**

Main focus of next two sprints

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- RDA new ui
- Add entity (mainly backend)
- Encryption
- UDA Release
- Styleguide

### Flow guide

**Discussion:**

Where to put flow guide files

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- Dias will create google drive folder to put flow guide and pin it in slack core_dev channel 

