#February Team Meeting

**Date:27-Feb-2019** 

**Attendance:Anton, Dias, Jingyi, Stevanie, Weilong** 

**Facilitator:Dias**

**Time keeper:Dias**

**Note taker:Dias**

## Agenda

1. Communication Issues with Biz
1. Communication Issues Internal
1. Improvements overall

### Communication Issues with Biz

**Discussion:**

We discussed the issue that was highlighted regarding the lack of our teams communication with biz side.

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- We decided to try harder to discuss directly with biz as required. 
- Stevanie will discuss with biz regarding verifier network.
- Our contact points are John Bei, Weixiong and Soo Lan : Jingyi and Weilong to take more proactive steps to talk with biz.
- Anton to talk when in UAT more.

### Communication Issues Internal

**Discussion:**

Communication issue noted between team leads. Weilong has acknowledged this.

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- Weilong to use tools like google slides etc to better document and preventatively talk regarding the backend architecture 
- Rest of the team to try harder to improve this communication as well


### Improvements overall

**Discussion:**

1. Long Meeting times
1. Lack of Meeting accountability
1. Internal Communication improvement ideas

**Action steps and/or results of voting:**

- Weilong - Meeting times to be tracked and agenda pre decided
- Jingy - Meeting logs - This document
- Stevanie - Talk directly with Hoan - As soon as possible

